h1. Vim

It is recommended that you use gVim in either Windows or Linux and MacVim for
Mac. Download from:

* (Windows) http://www.vim.org/download.php#pc (gvim73_46.exe)
* (Mac) https://github.com/b4winckler/macvim/downloads (snapshot-56)

h1. Bundled Plugins

All plugins are installed with Vundle. First, install vundle itself

<code>
$ git clone https://github.com/gmarik/vundle.git ~/.vim/bundle/vundle
</code>

Bundled plugins are listed in rvmrc, I have these:

'Lokaltog/vim-powerline'
'MarcWeber/vim-addon-mw-utils'
'bbommarito/vim-slim'
'ervandew/supertab'
'garbas/vim-snipmate'
'hallison/vim-ruby-sinatra'
'honza/snipmate-snippets'
'kchmck/vim-coffee-script'
'kien/ctrlp.vim'
'mileszs/ack.vim'
'scrooloose/nerdcommenter'
'scrooloose/nerdtree'
'skalnik/vim-vroom'
'tomtom/tlib_vim'
'tpope/vim-endwise'
'tpope/vim-fugitive'
'tpope/vim-haml'
'tpope/vim-markdown'
'tpope/vim-rails'
'tpope/vim-rvm'
'vim-ruby/vim-ruby'
'vim-scripts/ZoomWin'

h1. Usage

Clone this repo into your home directory either as .vim (linux/mac) or
vimfiles (Windows). Such as:

<pre><code>
git clone git://github.com/ivankukobko/vimfiles.git ~/.vim
</pre></code>

Now you should create a new <tt>.vimrc</tt> file in your home directory that
loads the pre-configured one that comes bundled in this package. You can do it
on Linux/Mac like this:

<pre><code>
echo "source ~/.vim/vimrc" > ~/.vimrc
</code></pre>

On Windows you should create a <tt>_vimrc</tt> (underline instead of dot) and add
the following line inside:

<pre><code>
source ~/vimfiles/vimrc
</code></pre>

This way you can override the default configuration by adding your own inside
this file.

You should also create a new <tt>.gvimrc</tt> file in your home directory. You can do
it on Linux/Mac like this:

<pre><code>
echo "source ~/.vim/gvimrc" > ~/.gvimrc
</code></pre>

On Windows you should create a <tt>_gvimrc</tt> (underline instead of dot) and add
the following line inside:

<pre><code>
source ~/vimfiles/gvimrc
</code></pre>

This way you can override the default GUI configuration by adding your own inside
this file.

h2. Help Tags

At first usage of vim, type ":" while in command mode and execute:

  call pathogen#helptags()

This will make the plugins documentations available upon :help

h2. Learn Vim

Visit the following sites to learn more about Vim:

* http://vimcasts.org

There are many sites teaching Vim, if you know of any other that are easy
to follow for newcomers, let me know.

